Week 7 (HTML & CSS) and Week 8 (Break Week / preview to Rails) changes (#494)
Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum: 08-rails/testing-db-in-controllers.md

# Testing Database Changes in Controllers

## Learning Goals
  - Utilize fixture data to populate parameters

## Content

> Lastly, we must ensure that the controller action appropriately changes the related model for the `destroy`, `create` and `update` actions.  We'll see how to use the `must_change` matcher with some examples later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When testing database changes we must ensure that the controller action appropriately changes the related model for the `destroy`, `create` and `update` actions.  We'll see how to use the `must_change` matcher with some examples later on.
```
